[singing voice] Aniplex.
Oh, it's you, Tatsuya.
What brings you up here?
I'm getting some materials
for the thesis competition.
[Mayumi] Oh, really?
Yeah, now that you mention it,
I remember hearing you
were chosen
to help out Rin‐chan.
We might prove to be a nuisance
for other people
if we stand here chatting.
Shall we take this inside?
Um, certainly.
[Mayumi] I know this
all happened rather suddenly
for you, Tatsuya,
but for Rin‐chan,
the significance
of this year's theme
goes way beyond winning
or losing the competition.
I'm countin' on ya!
Yeah, sure thing.
So does Miss Ichihara have
some kinda special motivation
to pursue this topic?
To raise magicians'
social standing.
[Mayumi] The hope
is to transform magic
into an indispensable
economic resource.
Thus magicians will finally
be released
from their current fate
of becoming weaponized humans.
The gravity control‐type magic
thermonuclear fusion reactor
will go a long way
towards that goal.
Well, at least that's
what Rin‐chan tells me.
Now by writing
the series thesis with you,
she'll be taking
her first concrete step.
I'm astounded.
Now, who would have guessed
Miss Ichihara and I shared
the same thought?
Seriously?
You, too, Tatsuya?
Our opinion on the matter
is rather unique.
There simply aren't many
other people who think this way.
[Mayumi] Hmm.
Well, good for you.
I'm so glad you found chemistry
with her.
No, I don't believe it's truly
a matter of us finding chemistry
with each other or not.
For one thing,
Miss Ichihara
has a very different methodology
than I do.
But you share
the same basic concept, correct?
Be honest, Tatsuya.
Is somebody like Rin‐chan
actually your type?
Huh?
[Mayumi] Here you are having
a conversation
in close proximity
with a beautiful girl
but you show no signs
of making a move.
I'm sorry that I don't have
a more womanly figure!
Frankly,
I'm not into exhibitionism.
I would never touch
a woman in front
of a surveillance camera.
Huh?
Oh.
Uh, well, then how about
if there were no cameras
or people watching us?
Of course.
If you offer yourself up
to me...
‐ [gasps]
‐ I wouldn't hesitate to accept.
[squealing]
[gasping]
[Rin singing in Japanese]
[Rin Akatsuki's "Konotede"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[computer beeping]
[gasps]
[beeping continues]
[whirring]
[Tatsuya exhales sharply]
Unfortunately,
my connection was cut off right
in the middle of it.
So I wasn't able to find
the source of the hack.
Is that all?
I hate to say it
but I have no way
of tracing the offenders over
the network.
You do know I'm well aware
of what you specialize in,
right?
I'm not intending
to create extra work for you.
What do you want?
To be honest,
I was wondering if you
could tell me what you know
about this organization.
They've been buying
and selling off
classified
magic documents recently.
Listen to me, Shiba.
You need to understand
that I myself
am bound
by professional confidentiality.
[Tatsuya] Of course.
[grunts]
[Haruka] From the end
of last month through
the start of this one,
there's been a series
of break‐ins
in Yokohama and Yokosuka.
[gasps]
They must be connected somehow.
Is that what you're implying?
[Kei] Did you sustain
any loss of data?
It's all there.
But forget about me.
Is everything all right
at your house?
Yes, but what could
the hackers have been after?
A look at their digital commands
tells me that they
were going
after documents pertaining
to magic theory.
Considering the timing,
it's likely related
to the competition.
Who would ever do such a thing?
I think we ought
to let Miss Ichihara know
about this
troubling development, right?
I'm afraid so.
[door opens]
[both grunting]
We're finally here!
Thank you for waiting.
I'm sorry we were so late.
[Mari] Long time no see,
Tatsuya.
Yes, it sure has been a while.
[Tatsuya] So, what brings
you here today,
Miss Watanabe?
Business.
We should discuss the security
for the event.
What?
Is the disciplinary
committee going
to be handling security, then?
Yes we are but I'm not talking
about security for the venue.
The Magic Association will
hire professionals for that.
This is something else.
Personal bodyguards
for each team member
and people to stand watch
over presentation materials.
There is valuable
school equipment
at the thesis competition,
and for that very reason,
the student teams
for this contest
are sometimes targeted
by industrial spies.
Home servers.
Do they ever hack into those,
for example?
[Mari] Hmm.
No.
I've never heard
of anyone going that far before.
We need to be warier of robbery
and snatch‐and‐grabs.
This is why there's security.
No doubt you can see why.
The members are chosen
from the disciplinary committee
and extracurricular
activities federation.
However, we will of course
respect your team's preferences
as to who should guard whom
specifically.
I'll be the one to protect you,
Kei.
After all,
I'm your fiance.
[chuckles nervously]
Kirihara and Hattori will both
protect Ichihara.
The only remaining question
is what to do with you.
I don't need a bodyguard.
Oh.
No, I guess not.
[gasps]
Hmm.
There you are.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
It seems like
we're being watched
so I was considering what
to do.
Watched?
Like by spies?
[both grunting]
[Kanon] Come back here!
[breathing heavily]
[grunts, gasps]
[magical whirring]
[gasps]
[panting]
[beeps]
[Kanon] Damn!
Kanon, stop it!
[shouts]
[engine revving]
Hey, Shiba,
what are you doing?
[tires squealing]
[grunts]
[magical whirring]
[shouting]
[gasps]
[hissing]
[breathing heavily]
[Xiangshan] You think
that little school girl's going
to be all right?
[Man] Who cares?
It was Zhou Gongjin
who rounded up these operatives.
No matter what happens to her,
I don't believe
we'll be discovered
as a result.
So this youngster
was nothing more
than a middle man?
[Xiangshan] And do
we really trust Gongjin?
You got a status update
on that relic yet?
[Man 2] Yes, sir.
There's no proof it was removed
from the Four Leaves
Technology premises
but current location is unknown.
Well, don't skimp out
on the surveillance
over Sayuri Shiba.
Speaking of Sayuri,
did you find out anything about
the house she visited
the other night?
Yes, sir.
We discovered that
her husband's children
from another marriage
live there.
Hmm.
Give me a rundown
on the kids.
Two siblings,
both freshmen at the Magic
University Affiliated
First High School.
[Xiangshan] Names?
The older brother
is named Tatsuya
and the younger sister
is Miyuki.
[Xiangshan] Tatsuya Shiba,
you say?
He's the target
of our local collaborator's
revenge plot.
[Xiangshan] Interesting.
Magic University Affiliated
High School.
We might be able to do something
with that information.
Add First High School
to our list of targets.
You may reallocate staff
from other missions.
‐ [Man] Right.
‐ [Xiangshan] And increase
our tactical support
for that girl.
Also, let her know that leaking
classified documents
is the most effective revenge.
‐ [Man] Copy that.
‐ [Xiangshan] One more thing.
‐ Give that kid a weapon, too.
‐ [Man] Yes, sir.
‐ Captain Lu.
‐ Sir?
Take charge on‐site.
If anyone else
is sniffing around,
eliminate them.
[school bell ringing]
Oh.
Hi, Tatsuya.
You're early today.
Yeah.
[groans]
[Tatsuya] Did I
interrupt something?
[Erika] Mizuki can sense
someone's gaze.
Huh?
And I've been sensing some
unpleasant watchfulness
all day today.
Like someone's secretly peering
through cracks from the shadows.
It's a creepy sort of staring.
Do you mean like a stalker?
Not really.
It's not after just me.
It's more like it's something
or someone that's ready
to cast out a wide net.
So it's not targeting
a single student
nor an instructor.
Multiple instead.
Maybe it's after
something located at school.
It's possible
but for all we know,
I may very well be wrong
about all this.
[Mikihiko] No, I wouldn't doubt
that you're correct,
Miss Shibata.
Since this morning,
the spirits have
been unnaturally frenzied
around campus.
If I had to guess,
I'd say somebody's evoked
a shiki.
Shiki, huh?
Are you talking about those
spiritual beings known
as shikigami?
Mm.
[Mikihiko] It appears to be
a different type of spell
than we use so I can't quite get
a handle on it,
but there's no question
in my mind
that a spell caster
is sniffing around nearby.
Hang on.
Did you just say they're using
a spell different than ours?
Yes.
I believe so.
[Tatsuya] And just to be clear,
you're saying it's
a non‐Shinto spell?
Is that it,
or do you mean that it's
a spell which is different
in nature from this country's
ancient magic?
I don't think it's part
of Japan's ancient magic.
[Inagaki] How did nobody notice
that illegal entry incident?
Should we keep on canvasing?
Not that I think we'll suddenly
find witnesses
if we walk any farther.
Oh, there's bound to be somebody
out there who saw.
They just won't talk to us.
Wait, what are you‐‐
Don't give me that look,
assistant inspector.
You're the one
who's giving me a look.
What are you planning on doing?
Don't worry, Inagaki.
I'm not gonna do
an illegal search.
You know that
classic expression,
"Snake paths lead to snakes?"
That bit of wisdom
is why I thought
we'd visit a den of serpents.
Hold up.
There's nothing wrong
with taking
a little break from our work
every now and then,
but I thought you said we
were gonna visit
a den of snakes first.
Yeah, this tavern
is a den of snakes.
Huh?
[Toshikazu] The old codger
who runs this place
is quite a know‐it‐all.
A so‐called information broker.
[car door closes]
[Honoka] So Tatsuya,
are you all finished
getting ready
for the thesis competition?
I suppose you could say
we've reached a plateau.
We still need to rehearse,
build our presentation models,
and calibrate our spells
for the demo.
So all of the little details.
[Mari] Sounds like
a lot of work.
Hey, Mizuki,
come to think of it,
are you helping out their team
with the models?
Well, the second years
are assisting them in general
but personally
I'm not doing anything.
[Tatsuya] Since Miss Ichihara
and I are leaving
the models to Isori,
I guess it's only natural
the second years
would lean to me.
[Leonhard] Yeah,
that makes sense.
But then what are you
in charge of, Tatsuya?
I'm fine tuning our spells
for the demos.
[Shizuku] You'd think
it would be
the other way around.
[Tatsuya] Wanna stop here
for a little bit?
[Erika] Yeah, I'm down.
[Leonhard] Might as well since
you're gonna
be swamped tomorrow.
[Mikihiko] Exactly.
You should grab tea with us
while you're still free.
[Man 3] Oh, so you're going
to participate
in the magic thesis competition,
huh?
That's really interesting.
In fact I heard that
they're hosting it
in Yokohama this year,
which is cool,
because that's where
my parents live.
Do you know
if they're holding it
at the International
Convention Center again?
That's close
to my parents' house.
Where in Yokohama
do your parents live?
[Man 3] About halfway up
the Yamate Hills.
The ground floor
is also their restaurant.
It's called Roter Wald.
[Toshikazu] We'll take coffees.
Coming right up, sir.
Huh?
Hmm.
Mm?
[clears throat]
Huh?
[chair drags]
[both gasping]
[Kyouko giggling]
Please forgive me.
I've been wondering when you
were going to chat me up,
but you don't seem to have
the slightest inclination.
Are you nervous around women,
scion of the Chiba clan?
Uh, who are you?
[Kyouko] A pleasure to meet you,
Inspector Toshikazu Chiba.
And my name
is Kyouko Fujibayashi.
[Erika] Hmm.
Excuse me.
Where are you going, Erika?
Off to the little girls' room.
[Leonhard] One second, guys.
I'll be right back.
[Tatsuya] Mikihiko.
What are you doing back there,
huh?
[Mikihiko] Nothing important.
Just jotting some stuff down
before it slips my mind.
Be careful not
to blow your cover.
[Tatsuya] Better go easy on it.
[footsteps approaching]
[Erika] Hey, mister.
What you up to?
Want to have
a good time with me?
[Jiro] Beg your pardon?
What?
You really ought to be
a little more careful.
Wait a sec.
What's wrong?
I simply asked you if you wanted
to have a good time with me.
What on Earth did you assume
I meant by that?
[Jiro] You shouldn't
be teasing grown ups.
It'll be dark soon.
If you hang around
a deserted place like this,
for all we know,
you might get assaulted
by some random thug.
[Leonhard] And by
"some random thug,"
you talkin' about someone
like me, perhaps?
Are you not aware?
Saying "some
random thug" implies
a magician who's merely
passing by.
But you've been following us
the entire time.
So what are you after?
[Jiro] She knows.
[Leonhard] She's scary,
isn't she?
A pretty formidable woman
in times like this.
[exhales sharply]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Woman] ♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
[exhales, inhales sharply]
[Jiro] Help me, please!
I'm being robbed!
Hey, that reminds me.
We forgot to tell you this
but screaming won't
do you any good.
As of right now,
no one will be coming near us.
What he means
is nobody can come near us.
This force field
is a magical barrier sustained
by our consciousness.
Do you understand?
Unless you can knock
us unconscious,
you have no hope of escape.
[grunts]
♪♪ ♪♪
‐ [Woman] ♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
‐ [grunts]
[grunts]
[both grunting]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[gasps]
[gasping]
[both grunting]
[groans]
[Leonhard groaning]
[shouts]
[grunting]
[both grunting]
[Man] ♪♪ I'm living in it
I've been living in it ♪♪
♪♪ I've been doing it ♪♪
‐ [Leonhard grunts]
‐ [Woman] ♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
[Leonhard] Hey, ouch.
That really hurt.
This dude is no ordinary
human being.
Didn't feel like
a mechanical device, though.
You chemically fortified?
You're one to talk about
not being ordinary.
You really got clocked
just now, didn't ya?
Sure, but so what?
As a magician,
my genes are at least
one quarter
lab developed anyway.
I'm not gonna stand‐‐
or I guess kneel here‐‐
insisting my DNA's 100% natural.
[Leonhard] Now don't
do anything rash.
We're not interested
in taking your life.
We only want one thing from you.
Explain why you
were following us.
Fine, just calm down!
I surrender!
You have my word!
I'm not even your enemy!
It was you two
who confronted me!
[Leonhard] Yeah, right, stalker.
You attacked first
and those moves
would have killed anyone else
but us.
I could say the same
about you guys.
[Leonhard] Forget that.
If you're not our enemy
then give us the truth.
The short version.
Keeping this barrier up forever
isn't gonna help anyone.
[exhales sharply]
Fair enough.
I really don't want to attract
any attention to us, either.
All right, why don't you start
by introducing yourself?
I'd bet you already know
our names.
Isn't that right?
I'm Jiro Marshall.
I can't go into specifics
but I'm not affiliated
with your country's
government whatsoever.
Despite that,
there's no need to be alarmed.
As I said,
I am not your enemy.
[Erika] In other words,
you're here illegally, right?
[grunts]
Very well.
Tell us what it is
that you're after
and what the situation
is exactly.
[Jiro] My job
is to monitor students
of Magic High School.
I ensure no cutting edge
magic technology
comes into their possession
and falls into the hands
of the east.
If those students were to leak
any advanced technology,
it could amount
to a dire military threat,
which I then have
to deal with.
Did you say the east?
So that must mean you're from
the west, then.
[Leonhard] Why would you go
to all that trouble?
[Jiro] I thought this country
was cured
of its pacifist complacency,
but‐‐
don't move!
‐ [grunts]
‐ You damn bastard!
[snarls]
[gasps]
Within the USNA
and the western nations also,
there have been more
and more Asian union spies
targeting magic engineering.
In fact your own school
is a potential victim
of the power in the east.
[both grunting]
[Jiro] Now then,
I think I've said everything
that needs to be said.
I'd better get going,
so would you mind having
your friends
take down this barrier before
I lose my cool?
[both snarling]
So hurry it up, kid!
[Erika grunts]
Miki.
[magical buzzing]
[grunts]
[exhales]
[Jiro] Right.
I'll be taking my leave.
Oh, hold on a moment.
One last thing.
Let me give you
a word of advice.
[both gasping]
Please go and tell your group
of friends they need
to stay vigilant
at every turn.
They should never lower
their guard even when
they're on campus.
Got it?
[rumbling]
[grunts]
[gas hissing]
[groans]
[both gasping]
[Leonhard exhales]
[Toshikazu] By the way,
what brings you to Yokohama,
Miss Fujibayashi?
Oh, just business.
How about you, detective?
What brings you here?
A little break while
you're still on duty?
Well, uh, actually,
the thing is‐‐
Maybe you're investigating?
[both exhaling sharply]
Truth be told,
I was hoping to ask you
and your partner
for your help with something.
[cell phone rings]
[gasps]
[Kyouko] Uh, apologies,
detective.
Please excuse me.
I need to answer this call.
[stammering]
[door opens and shuts]
[Kyouko exhales]
Tatsuya's classmates certainly
are a handful, aren't they?
[beeping]
Don't those kids know that even
ancient magic leaves traces
on a surveillance system?
[footsteps running]
[Jiro] The students
have spotted me.
Send in my replacement.
[grunting]
[grunts]
Where are you?
[footsteps approaching]
You're the man‐eating tiger.
Lu Ganghu!
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[blow lands]
[groans]
[groaning]
[blows landing]
[shouting]
[flames roaring]
[Rei singing in Japanese]
[Rei Yasuda's "Mirror"]
♪♪ ♪♪